# SNHU-CS-360-Final-Project-Inventory-App
For my CS 360 class I developed an inventory app for mobille devices.

I designed an inventory app for this project. The goal of the app was to create a service where users could add, edit, and delete inventory items from a database. The editing would involve keeping track of how much product they have of each item. Diverse users can use this application, ranging from the individual or the business. The individual can use it for keeping track of personal items, while the business can use it to keep track of company inventory.
The app is simple and to the point. When opened the user is prompted to sign in or create an account. After signing in the user is taken to the main screen where they can add items to their inventory, search for items, update amounts of items, or delete items. The only other usage present is to allow notifications when inventory gets low. The app is designed with shades of blue and some contrasting colors to make buttons pop.
The process of creating this program was simple, figuring out the app I wanted to design, understanding the needs that should be met, and designing the UI. Once the plan is set the project was completed through milestone assignments that culminated in the final project. This is a universal way of completing projects, plan it out, complete portions over time, and combine it all in the end, a system that I will always use.
In order to test the application I used virtual device emulators through the android studio app. I was able to create a virtual phone that would mimic the exact capabilities that a normal phone would have. Through the software I was able to ensure the app functioned properly.
The biggest challenges were in the UI development. There is artistic skill that goes into designing apps. No matter how impressive or functional the app is, without a good UI it will not be successful.
I was impressed with my own ability to organize the code and functions properly, making the internal system of the app easy to navigate and understand.
